Low angle. Dusty boots: cylinders rising from the sand. A quiet breath before the draw.
Tilt up the first cowboy: stacked cylinders—legs, torso, head—and a thin-brim hat.
Cut to the rival. Same geometry, different stance. Symmetry builds tension.
Wide shot. The empty street is a flat plane; the horizon is a vertical sheet of sky.
Wind picks up. Streamlines drift across the ground, hinting at direction.
A sphere—the tumbleweed—rolls in from the left, hugging the sand plane.
Rolling without slipping: angle increases by distance divided by radius.
Camera tracks alongside the sphere; the cowboys hold steady.
It threads the gap. Shadows stretch; silence thickens.
Hands twitch—a tiny rotation of arm-cylinders. No words.
The wind softens; the tumbleweed drifts off frame.
Dust glitters and settles. Time stretches.
Pull back. The whole tableau—two figures, a street, a memory.
Fade to quiet. The duel is in the stillness.